It can have only abstract methods and static fields. 
However, from Java 8, interface can have default and static methods and from Java 9,
 it can have private methods as well.


Interface is a blueprint of an class and used to achieve abstraction in Java. 
Interface contains abstract methods and default, private methods. We can not create
 object of the interface.
 Interface can be used to implement multiple inheritance in Java.





Advantages of Interface
        It Support multiple inheritance
        It helps to achieve abstraction
        It can be used to achieve loose coupling.


Interface Key Points
    Methods inside interface must not be static, final, native or strictfp.
    All variables declared inside interface are implicitly public, static and final.
    All methods declared inside interfaces are implicitly public and abstract, 
    even if you don't use public or abstract keyword.
    
    Interface can extend one or more other interface.
    Interface cannot implement a class. 
    Interface can be nested inside another interface.



Static methods in Interface – Java 8
    From Java 8, Java allows to declare static methods into interface.
    The purpose of static method is to add utility methods into the interface





Private methods – Java 9
    In Java 9 version, a new feature is added that allows us to declare private methods inside the interface. The purpose of private method is just to share some task between the non-abstract methods 
    of the interface.

    In this example, we created an interface Abc that has a default method and a 
    private method as well. Since private methods are not accessible outside 
    to interface. So, we called it from the default method.


            interface Abc{  
                // Default method   
                default void msg(){  
                    greet();
                }  
                // Private method  
                private void greet() {
                    System.out.println("This is private method"); 
                }
                
                
            }  
            public class Demo implements Abc{    
                public static void main(String[] args) {  
                    Demo d = new Demo();  
                    d.msg();   // calling default method  
            
                }  
            }  

